I'll take it for sure you can this pack later
remove to na'vi already changed some
your plans up is a lot
change I honestly hoped that it
will be originally this way
realized again on that he and
test tournament to check all
as far as we have enough capture points
because you know we are playing a storm
the essence of the storm itself and we saw once
just just on the white park and everything rubs
the moment is a cliché in the meantime
then decided to aim myself ponastraivat that
it was not there to interfere with the start of loading
yes yes yes, let's see for now
guys from the virtus.pro team and exit to
left aggressive defense and not through
alley let's see really guys so all
calculated that the cover from the slide all
equally knocks her capture clean
breaks and basically take a slide and we
feared someone if i think that this
the slide is just this at 0 well 0 0 here
it's a doctors people why not principle
talked about why upper base
protection because if protection was on
another base, then she was happy to zero
date you take three Fri-shki waffles these 10 with
drum and sprinkle spawn
then the whole team can go up the hill and
just throw shells all this base
firing firefly over there
wow see work on what i’m talking about
said they would work just
all your first three minutes four and
the marriage he gets here
thats all 2 went to the seizure on
my and here they saw that there all
equipment
well they decided to fight they understand that
all the same, some kind of plan is
virtus.pro tank at least
54 you can go there capture when
highlight the overflow squatting
Still well, let's look far for
vp guys t 54 went to highlight stb cones
two pieces remained the village of heavy and
little birdie will go back behind you 2
went on a hill and basically in the village
command is located virtus.pro playing
Protection of GDP for a long time standing there and art
can not always forward but also let's
wait well let's see all the same timer
seven minutes is not such a thing i decided i
I think that it was necessary to fast
act very will act competently
navi they never lose hp and
The situation is such that they themselves are already
forced to attack as the base
lost on not dodge unreal she
dazzle and wait for it somewhere brilliant
team well wait should not do
now it's so true to me
question and how is virtus.pro going if
that highlights its base for such
belly either it will be you out through
the village of the whole main strike group
that is the question
but most likely it will go to the village
if seizure begins there by pawn can
work well really all wound on and
will be in an open field although there if you take
this small wood for the base and put
there it is you and do not fit
therefore it was necessary to begin the seizure on and
In general, what is it necessary to go?
grab a still yet
we spend
frightened look on intelligence that us
it was and all that you get on the hill too
very blow that's the one who should
defended his lit and after that
already
somehow options think about location
go up at zero no on a 0 b 0 here it is
such as spending and will not be wonderful
and here he is a deluxe watch first doing
pressing on the sixth line checks to the end
information that in the seven anyone
no, and the capture was already possible
Inspector in the meantime gets at 560
blow from the hill but the Koreans have not yet
lets into its territory yes and
highlights the hill working on
maximum well in general is not the point
that couple is starting to grab guys from
the na'vi teams still attack them
either destroy all that is not an option explicitly
on the hill there he just does not have this height
they just need to crush
seize the base of everything
left-hander in capture the first tanks have now
need to go back to vinh come back
they put another tank and now
art for the virtus.pro command would be
such a good gift let's
Watch what the guys from virtus.pro
decided to defend in the first round this
hell playing with slides 2 and dogs three things
already pursed to give a clearance and
Fri-shka will work from a hill 57 heavy
still in the village and she won base 4
the rim is on its way
already shot on the slide
let's see what all can
end but for now all over there base
captured after fifteen seconds will
need to act team virtus.pro
faster faster faster capture guys
goes on avi avi all these odds are near
themselves, they have stopped all these chances but
look here they got out hop with crying
500 and 600 rootstocks
can be isolated and then the same in the
the center is the same situation this capture
resanta it just flooded with shells
and three tanks team gnp unpleasantly grohl
from forces virtus.pro
go to suicide go go kill
trying to do something is impossible
impossible here the virtus.pro command
somehow somehow they just
We decided to play virtus.pro's hope
the fact that we make mistakes we do not make mistakes in
such a minute and in principle is about to
I will bring the matter to a logical conclusion but
while getting off of a grab chance minus 10
shepherd minutes four tanks from virtus.pro
almost all of them remain with na'vi
us on
more and they go depressed at this time
as leksu arrived guests and artillery
problems will now we will see how
Gypsum will lose the team yet he pro
it does not know but also knows already received
backslide slide against paul 1st not
wins a bubble it connects
10 per shows just level minus
art minus stb-1 from virtus.pro but
76 kpc marriage remains and it does not remain
already in a quick take it and Korean
the last captain-commander to what they saw
Yes, he took Artoo fulovy fellow
of course but further though wait minutes
at 38 like strike full but of course
crush crush just crush such chances
Do not miss this game which was
shown by the team nadi this is chic
chic way the na'vi team is now
playing back friends I remind you that glasses
in the test championship are considered by two
cardboard, that is, no matter how you play
one card is important how you play in the amount
2 that is, we have 4 rounds in two
Cards That is, the sum of 8 you need to win 5
that is, you can win 1 card 40 for 2
take only the first fight 50 you have enough
to win in the case even before 4